Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Live long and prosper.
Board that ship!
Take everything you can!
Captain's Starlog, January 13,2155.
We've left Gorlan Station
and have set a course...
to rendezvous with our assault fleet.
Major Reed and the Doctor
have asked for a few minutes...
to show me their latest project.
The Booth will be far more effective
than our previous disciplinary methods.
It can stimulate the pain centre
of virtually any humanoid.
A synaptic scan calibrates it
for each species.
They call this progress.
There's something to be said
for a good old-fashioned flogging.
That's what's so exceptional
about this device.
Traditional forms of punishment
can overwhelm the nervous system.
After a time,
the brain ceases to feel anything.
These sensors continually shift
the stimulation...
from one nerve cluster to another...
keeping the subject
in a constant state of agony.
I think you enjoy your work
too much, Doctor.
What exactly did Mr. Terev do?
I'm not certain.
I suspect he was late for his duty shift.
Aren't all Tellarites guilty of something?
Did you get a chance
to look over my proposal?
-I read it.
-And?
We're going to rendezvous
with the fleet as ordered.
I'm not going into Tholian space based
on data from some anonymous source.
Maybe you haven't heard,
we have a rebellion to put down.
The Tholians aren't part of it.
You saw the data. This technology
would give us a tactical advantage.
We could end the war tomorrow.
You see this as your big chance,
don't you?
Sir?
You bring that ship home,
and you'll be a hero.
The Emperor pins a medal
on your chest.
You might even get that command
you've always wanted.
My only concern is saving the Empire.
Resume your station.
Captain, you're making a mistake.
You can either go back to the Bridge,
or take the place of that Tellarite.
Which do you prefer?
Understood.
What do you think you're doing?
Reviewing status reports.
This is supposed to be your sanctuary.
A place to get away...
from status reports.
You're the one person on this ship
that I don't mind giving in to.
And probably the only one that
doesn't want to slip a knife in your back.
I heard the battle went well at Tau Ceti.
Is that what you heard?
Word on the ship is
that the war may be over soon.
I'll go back to Brazil,
start teaching again.
You'll accept a comfortable desk job
at Headquarters.
We'll have the weekends.
You've been listening to propaganda.
Things went badly at Tau Ceti.
Very badly.
We lost 12 ships.
Keep this to yourself.
If the crew learns
what really happened....
Forget about the war.
This is our time.
Don't!
You'll hang for this.
-Lock him in the Brig.
-Sir.
Let me take him down to the Cargo Bay.
I'll finish him quickly, quietly.
I want him alive.
Still, it'd be tragic if there was
an accident on the way to the Brig.
If anything happens to Forrest,
I'll shoot you myself.
Are we clear, Major?
Perfectly, sir.
Stand aside, Commander.
Where's Captain Forrest?
Contact Security.
This is First Officer Archer.
In accordance
with Starfleet orders this date...
I've relieved Captain Forrest of duty...
and assumed command of Enterprise.
My orders are to take the ship
into Tholian space...
for a mission
of vital importance to the Empire.
I can't reveal the details of
our assignment, but I can tell you this:
If we're successful...
Starfleet will crush the rebellion
once and for all.
No crew in Starfleet
has been tested more in battle.
I know I can count on each of you...
to perform your duty
to the best of your ability.
Nothing will impede
our march towards victory.
-Long live the Empire.
-Long live the Empire!
We've received no such communiqués
from Starfleet Command.
-lt was sent on a private channel.
-I'd like to see those orders.
All in good time.
Alter our heading. 2-1-5 mark 13.
-Maximum warp.
-Yes, Captain.
Corporal. Escort Commander T'Pol
to Cargo Bay 2.
You'll find
a Suliban cloaking device there.
Bring it to Engineering
and help Tucker install it.
We're going to need the cloak
to complete this mission.
Enterprise Starlog,
Captain Jonathan Archer.
The crew has accepted the change
of command without incident.
Chief Engineer Tucker reports...
we'll have cloaking capability
within six hours.
These orders appear to be authentic.
Appear?
All I require from you is your loyalty.
Do I have it?
You are in command.
I'm glad we can agree on something.
Do you recognise this?
It belonged to Zefram Cochrane.
He used it to kill the first Vulcan
who stepped onto Terran soil.
I wonder how history
would have played out...
if Cochrane hadn't turned the tables
on your invasion force.
Humans might be your slaves
instead of the other way around.
I'm not a slave.
You're Vulcan.
Never forget that.
How long until we cross
into Tholian space?
It's likely we already have.
They frequently annexe systems
outside their core territory.
There's a warp signature encoded on
this. Notify me the moment you find it.
-lf there's nothing further--
-There is.
I'm promoting you to First Officer.
Major Reed's next in line.
He won't be pleased--
Reed is a capable soldier,
but he has trouble following orders.
And I know he has ambitions of his own.
You've made it clear
you don't approve of Vulcans.
Maybe this is my way of saying
thank you to you and your people.
Without Vulcan technology, the Empire
wouldn't be where it is today.
Dismissed.
Serving as my personal guard
will have its privileges.
You'll have your own quarters,
better food.
You'll accept orders from me,
and me alone. Is that clear?
Yes, sir.
And Captain, if I may...
I'd like to be the first to congratulate you
on a brilliant strategy.
I'm certain that in years to come--
You already have the job, Sergeant.
Don't talk yourself out of it.
Don't mind Porthos.
He hasn't had his dinner yet.
Come in.
That'll be all.
You didn't receive a communiqué
from Starfleet.
I would have known
if something came through.
A mutiny.
-Didn't think you had it in you.
-I'll take that as a compliment.
-Where's Captain Forrest?
-He's safe.
How do I know that
you didn't push him out of an airlock?
-I want to talk to him.
-Not right now.
He'll remain alive
as long as you don't cause any trouble.
No hidden distress signals to Starfleet.
I need you and your expertise.
Is that all you need?
You've never forgiven me for leaving.
I'm sorry if I hurt you.
You saw an opportunity
for advancement and you took it.
Just as you did.
You should have been Captain
from the moment we left spacedock.
You've always known that.
If it hadn't been for all those admirals
conspiring behind your back...
Enterprise would have been yours.
Tradition says that whatever...
belonged to the previous Captain...
is yours for the taking.
I've never been one
to argue with tradition.
T'Pol to Captain Archer.
Maybe we should keep our relationship
on a professional level.
Captain Archer, please respond.
Go ahead.
We're approaching the warp signature.
On my way.
I expect you to be in a better mood
when I get back.
Captain on the Bridge.
We're closing on target.
20,000 kilometres.
There's one bio-sign aboard.
Tholian.
Power the tractor emitters.
He's seen us. He's arming weapons.
Disable his ship.
I don't want the pilot injured.
Done.
There's an overload
building in his reactor.
-Major?
-lt wasn't my doing, sir.
I targeted his weapons only.
I believe the pilot may be
attempting to destroy his own ship.
Lock on the transporter.
Beam him into the Decon Chamber.
Captain.
We have the pilot.
Archer to Sickbay.
We've beamed a Tholian into Decon.
Modify the atmosphere in there.
It may take a moment.
Tholians have rather extreme
life support requirements.
Increasing temperature to 480 Kelvin.
If you're angry now, just wait.
-How is he?
-How is "it" would be more accurate.
Tholians possess
both male and female characteristics.
Its bio-signs, such as they are,
appear to be stable.
Will it understand me?
I'm Captain Archer. You're on board
the Terran flagship, Enterprise.
Answer my questions
or you will be harmed.
It's demanding to be released.
I want to know where you're holding
the Terran vessel you captured.
"My people will find your ship
and destroy it."
A minor adjustment to life support
should make it more cooperative.
Decreasing temperature 50 degrees.
Tell me what I want to know.
Something about
"your maternal ancestor."
Take it down another 50.
Its exoskeleton is beginning to fracture.
"l agree, I agree."
Go on.
The ship is in the Vintaak system,
at a facility orbiting the gas giant.
What the hell is that?
A short-range transmission.
A distress signal. You think it has
a comm device in there?
Its crystalline structure may act
as a natural transmitter.
Sir, I recommend
we beam it into space immediately.
No. I need to keep it alive for now,
until I can verify what it's told us.
Find some way to knock that thing out.
Yes, Captain.
You forget something?
Biggs! Get the Commander
a radiation metre.
You don't want to end up like me,
do you?
I've absorbed enough delta rays...
to guarantee
my grandchildren glow in the dark.
Flux coupler.
They say for every year you spend
next to one of these things...
you lose a decade
off your life expectancy.
Which means I'll probably be dead
by the end of the week.
You should speak to Captain Archer
about a promotion.
You're his First Officer,
you could talk to him for me.
Why would I do that?
I did you a favour once.
-We agreed never to discuss that.
-And I haven't.
I'd hardly call it a favour.
You enjoyed yourself.
Several times, as I recall.
So, how many years is it until
your Pon farr comes around again?
Where the hell's that coming from?
Pull the matrix converters!
Can you repair the cloak?
-lt'll take at least a day.
-You have six hours.
There are dozens of EPS feeds
on this deck.
And the only one that overloads is the
one connected to the cloaking device.
The power surge disabled other
systems. Internal sensors are down.
-We've lost grav-plating on G-Deck.
-The cloak's your first priority.
Someone's responsible
for what happened. Find out who.
My people can investigate this.
I don't need his kind crawling around,
pulling relays.
Get the cloak online.
Who sabotaged the cloak?
Was something damaged?
I know Admiral Black has an agent
on Enterprise. I want the name.
You really think that the Admiral
would plant a spy on my ship...
and then tell me who it is?
Go to his quarters,
search his personal files.
Look for messages from Starfleet.
Follow his orders, and you'll be
executed as a co-conspirator.
Aye, Captain.
This isn't like you, Jonathan.
You never lusted for power and glory.
That's why I trusted you
at my side all these years...
because you have no ambition.
If that's right,
then why are you in the Brig?
Release me...
and I promise your death will be quick.
You won't get that guarantee
from the Admiral.
Kill me...
and she'll never forgive you.
The saboteur entered this junction...
and deliberately overloaded
this EPS waveguide.
That junction's supposed to be
off-limits.
-The intruder alarms were disabled.
-How?
There's only one way I know of:
by running a high-level diagnostic scan.
Commander Tucker initiated a scan
30 minutes before the overload.
Who ordered you
to sabotage the cloak?
I didn't!
Reed, I'll kill you when I get out of this!
I'd like to see you try.
I checked the records.
Admiral Black recommended you
for Chief Engineer.
He insisted
Forrest replace his own man with you.
You're working for the Admiral,
aren't you?
What have you told him?
Captain, you've got it all wrong.
It wasn't me!
-What have you told him?
-Please, Captain.
I've always been loyal to you!
Break him.
It hasn't been that good in a long time.
The things a girl will give up
for her career.
The data I gave you...
did you transmit it to the Fleet Admiral?
Of course.
What was it?
Insurance policy.
-What's wrong?
-Tucker's a competent engineer.
If he wanted to damage the cloak,
he could have done a much better job.
It couldn't have been easy
with T'Pol looking over his shoulder.
Computer, locate Commander T'Pol.
Unable to comply.
Internal sensors are off-line.
The sensors were damaged
by the overload.
What's going on?
Stay here.
-I wondered what was keeping you.
-I needed time to find help.
No alarm?
I've disabled the internal sensors
and the comm system.
We'll take the Bridge first.
Set a course out of Tholian space,
maximum warp.
-I can't alter our heading.
-Full stop!
The helm's not responding.
Having trouble?
You did this.
Autonavigation can't be released until
we've reached the coordinates I've set.
Restore the controls now.
I can't. They've been encrypted
with a random code.
Can you override the helm?
It'll take several days
to break the encryption.
We'll arrive at the coordinates
long before then.
The Bridge is yours, Captain.
Ten hours in the Booth. Impressive.
Get him out of there.
Bring Major Reed.
I want him to spend some time
in this invention of his.
You gonna shoot me now...
or wait for court-martial?
Fleet Admiral Gardner's
ordered you released.
He received the data you sent him.
The Admiral finds
your suggestion intriguing.
Since you've already locked us
on this course...
I've been ordered to investigate
your mystery ship.
You betrayed me.
Don't think for one moment
I'm going to forget that.
Get cleaned up.
You're briefing the senior staff
in an hour.
A parallel universe.
The Science Directorate has examined
all of these theories.
They've found no evidence
of alternate realities.
The Tholians are a little more
open-minded than your people.
They detonated
a tricobalt warhead here...
inside the gravity well of a dead star.
The explosion created
an interphasic rift...
a doorway into another universe.
-A doorway.
-The rift was unstable.
It was too dangerous
to send one of their own ships through.
So they transmitted a distress call
into the opening...
hoping to lure a ship from the other
side. Their plan worked brilliantly.
How did you learn all this?
The Tholians rely on outside labourers.
Humanoids.
Some of them can be bought
for the right price.
I hope you didn't pay too much.
My contact transmitted these images
before his signal was jammed.
You can barely see anything.
Computer, enhance grid 3-alpha.
An Earth ship?
According to some theories...
everything that exists in our universe
should also exist there.
Another Terran Empire?
Another Starfleet?
So what? How does this help us?
The Tholians quantum dated
a piece of the hull.
This ship is not only from another
universe, it's from another time.
About 100 years into the future.
Imagine the technology we can find
on that ship.
New tactical systems,
advanced bio-weapons...
engines that can reach speeds
we can only dream of.
All of it ours for the taking.
This is ludicrous, Captain.
Someone has fabricated this evidence
to lure us here.
Commander Archer is guilty
of assault and mutiny.
That's enough, Commander.
-Sir, I believe we should--
-I said shut up! We're investigating this.
Get that cloaking device working.
The Captain wants a progress report.
I'll need another minute
to calibrate the field converters.
I spent four hours in the Booth
because of you.
Perhaps you should direct your anger
at Commander Archer.
You disabled the alarms in that junction
and made it look like I did it.
-You're mistaken.
-The hell I am.
I think I'd remember
if I had sabotaged the ship!
Not necessarily.
What did you do to me?
I lured you away from Engineering
with the promise of a sexual encounter.
My mind to your mind.
Once we were alone in my quarters,
I implanted a telepathic suggestion.
My thoughts to your thoughts.
I compelled you
to sabotage the power grid.
After you completed the assignment,
we melded again.
I altered your memory
of what had happened.
It was my duty to help Captain Forrest
regain command.
You're gonna regret what you did.
Threats are illogical.
Engineering to Bridge.
-Go ahead.
-We're ready.
I'm gonna have to channel everything
except auxiliary power.
Engage the cloak.
We've reached the coordinates.
Autonavigation has disengaged.
Let's see where we are.
Magnify the moon on the far right.
Primary systems are off-line,
including life support.
We're reading 13 bio-signs, all alien.
One of them appears to be reptilian.
They're clustered in this section.
-Any sign of the crew?
-We've detected no human signatures.
It's likely the crew was executed.
Look at the size of those coils.
I'll bet that thing could do warp 7.
We'll send an assault team aboard.
You brought us here, you lead it.
Download whatever you can
from the database.
Then destroy the ship.
Destroy it?
We have to take the ship with us.
It's too dangerous.
We are deep in Tholian space.
-Sir, you can't do this.
-You have your orders!
Dismissed.
Go with him.
I don't want Archer to return
from this mission.
Do I make myself clear, Commander?
Someone's removed these components.
They're gutting the ship.
Human.
If you like, sir, I could hold that for you.
Naptime isn't over yet.
I'm picking up a transmission.
It's coming from Decon.
Bridge to Phlox.
-What's happening down there?
-The sedative is no longer working.
-Then kill it, now!
-With pleasure.
Three ships are moving
towards our position.
-Doctor?
-A few more seconds, Captain.
Will you kindly die?
Phlox to Bridge.
You won't be having any further trouble
from our guest.
One of the Tholian ships is hailing us.
This must be the Captain.
His neck's broken.
We should be able
to overload the reactor from here.
Get started.
Four more ships.
Contact Archer.
T ell him to abort the mission.
-Lay in a course out of here.
-They're jamming us.
Target the nearest ship. Fire!
No damage.
Torpedo launchers, fire when ready.
They can see us.
Get us out of here.
Engineering, disengage the cloak
and transfer all power to engines.
Cloak's not responding, sir.
-How much longer?
-Maybe you'd like to take a stab at it.
I can activate their systems.
-Stand aside, Commander.
-Almost there.
Enterprise is under attack.
Hull plating's down.
We've lost power on Decks C, D, and E.
Engineering to Bridge.
The containment fields are failing.
Can you vent the antimatter?
Negative. Reactor breach
in three minutes.
This is the Captain.
All hands to escape pods.
Abandon ship.
You heard my order!
-What do you think you're doing?
-I'll buy you as much time as I can.
Get out of here, now.
Enterprise is taking heavy damage.
Can you bring weapons
and engines online?
I'll see what I can do.
Give me a hand with them!
Commander.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org